the Zac Brown Band is on three radio
stations at the same time as you can
imagine this is the worst day of my life
I static hate them when Cassidy Pope
goes to the bathroom her name is Cassidy
poop I want to throw Blake Shelton off a
highway overpass by his legs and watch
him get obliterated by a Peterbilt
holding a big stupid house if you grow a
beard like Luke combs don't grow a beard
randy Houser has the sexiest voice but
so dang ugly hashtag bummer do all the
midian if we just all concede that Trace
Adkins isn't can we move on and I hate
to be dramatic but it's the worst thing
that's ever happened to me sitting here
thinking this song sucks then I realized
it was a Danish a song and everything
made sense in there would rather live a
music less life than here Jana Kramer on
the radio awesome some say I should just
ignore what I think sucks so today I'm
ignoring Chris Young's new album dude
from Florida Georgia line looks like
Clayton Kershaw if he gave up baseball
and started making Lady Antebellum is
the musical equivalent of getting kicked
in the sack and that mean good thing you
just got kicked in the sack with our
music Chris Stapleton proves that other
people can still win awards I kind of
feel like Jay Cohen is a douchebag but I
don't know with a frog emoji and a
coffee cup which I don't
have any idea with that has anything
really Little Big Town sounds like they
threw a bunch of cats in a bag and beat
them around with a tennis racket
maintenance just a more get some pants
to fit bro I can see your balls hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the video
hit subscribe and if you don't click
Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die